<h1>#Appointment Scheduler</h1>

This project is a Java/FXML/Scenebuilder application that allows users to log in using a MySQL database. Users can add, create, update, or delete contact users in the database while also assigning appointments. Additionally, a reports page is generated, providing users with information on appointments using various queries. All login attempts are also recorded in a .txt file. The application is designed to streamline contact and appointment management, providing a user-friendly interface for efficient organization and scheduling.

## Project Description
This application stores login credentials in MySQL. The application tracks where the user is located and translates timezone accordingly to show current time and timezone on the login page. It also can translate between English or French depending on user language settings.  The Main Menu shows two tableviews: Customer and Appointments. The User can search through all the appointments by day, week or month.  Adding or updating a customer will bring a new page with required information to be entered for that customer and saved into the database. Deleting a customer is possible as long as no appointments are scheduled for that customer. If there is an existing appointment for that customer upon deletion, an error message will be displayed, as well as incorrect information being entered for adding or updating a customer. 

Adding, updating and deletion of appointments is also possible. Appointments must be scheduled after 8am central time or before 7pm central time. Appointments must also be scheduled weekdays only. Failure to do so will result in an error. Appointments cannot be overlapped and a 15 minute reminder will be prompt before the next appointment.  Upon addition of an appointment, a customer must be selected for that appointment. Times are adjusted accordingly to be shown in the user's timezone, however they are stored in MySQL database in UTC time and must abide by central time business hours.  

A reports page is also available. This page will show all appointments and customers by different queries. Such queries include sorting by appointment type, appointment's contact, or appointments by country (France, US, UK). This reports page will be useful in generating future reports. A login_activity.txt also records all login attempts, whether successful or unsuccessful, with its respective username and password as well as the time.

##Instructions
Upon logging in, enter 'test' as username and password(Case Sensitive).  This will direct you to the homepage. Appointments and Customers can be added, updated or deleted by clicking on its respective buttons. Reports page can be accessed by clicking on 'reports' and using the dropdown to specify queries.
